Clarify description of IPSec configuration format and encryption options (#14760)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/encryption.rst

This guide explains how to configure Cilium to use IPsec based transparent
encryption using Kubernetes secrets to distribute the IPsec keys. After this
configuration is complete all traffic between Cilium-managed endpoints,

> as well as Cilium managed host traffic, will be encrypted using IPsec.

Reviewer: I think you'll need to repush for the Signed-off-by anyway, so might be worth fixing this small typo (not introduced by your PR):
```suggestion
as well as Cilium-managed host traffic, will be encrypted using IPsec.
```

> This guide uses Kubernetes secrets to distribute keys. Alternatively, keys may be manually

Reviewer: I think this change is a bit misleading. Pods can run in host network namespace, in which case pod-to-pod is actually Cilium-managed *host* traffic. The sentence was also saying that hostns-to-namespaced-pod would be encrypted, whereas the the new version may give the impression this isn't a covered case.

Reviewer 2: Other than the hyphen, the content of this paragraph has not changed, so I'd avoid reformatting it -- Especially because the second to last line is now longer than the others. @Andrey9kin you can address this if Paul provides other feedback to address, but otherwise I don't mind much if we keep the current version.

Generate & import the PSK
=========================

First, create a Kubernetes secret for the IPsec configuration to be stored. The
example below demonstrates generation of the necessary IPsec configuration
which will be distributed as a Kubernetes secret called ``cilium-ipsec-keys``.
A Kubernetes secret should consist of one key-value pair where the key is a name
of the file that will be mounted to a cilium agent pod as a volume, and

> value is a IPSec configuration in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value is an IPSec configuration in the following format:
```

> A Kubernetes secret should consist of one key-value pair where the key is a name
> of the file that will be mounted to a cilium agent pod as a volume, and
> value is an IPSec configuration in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Kubernetes secret should consist of one key-value pair where the key is the
name of the file to be mounted as a volume in cilium-agent pods, and the
value is an IPSec configuration in the following format:
```

      --set encryption.enabled=true \\
      --set encryption.nodeEncryption=false

> ``encryption.enabled`` enables encryption of the traffic between pods and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``encryption.enabled`` enables encryption of the traffic between Cilium-managed pods and
```

> ``encryption.nodeEncryption`` controls if host traffic should be encrypted or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``encryption.nodeEncryption`` controls whether host traffic is encrypted.
```
